### Initial Meeting with our new Consultant Jaylen

#### Jaylen Requires Adgenda:
- Establishing Consultant Role/Responsibilites.
    - Architect & Consultant.
- Going over the product.
    - Base case: 5 v 5 search player info when in-game. [Example.](https://porofessor.gg/live/na/iamwater)
    - Nice to have later: Summoner profiles.
- Going over current tech stack and our requirements.
    - How we get data, how are we going to use it? Require a flowchart.
    - [LoL API:](https://developer.riotgames.com/) All data coming from here.
    - Low maintainence
    - No budget ($)
- Current Tech Stack
    - Frontend: React.js
    - Backend: Node.js/Express.js

**JAYLEN DONT FORGET TO BRING SOMETHING UP. OH, WHAT YOU GONNA SAY?**

#### TODO:
- (business level) FLOWCHART before we start coding. Flowchart of what we are trying to do. RFP (request for proposal)?! User Stories? 
    - Should answer: How should it behave? What is the end result. 
    - User Story is for the customer to describe the actions that they will be able to do in the product.
    - **EXECUTION:** PO Jimmy will create User Stories, we will meet with these User Stories to create our high level flowchart together.
    - Tool: Lucidchart/Zeplin.io (designers and engineers bridge)
- Rich will find React testing framework for unit test.

#### Jaylen Recommendations/Discussions:
- **Database (?):** PostgreSQL (WHATS AN ODB?! ORM? OOP => ORM => RDB)
- **Database 2/Caching:** MongoDB, RAM heavy.
- **Knex.js:** Layer between source code and SQL DB. You don't want to call raw SQL commands, issues arrise from modifing actual SQL commands. Don't have to worry about parsing String if its valid SQL. Converts to JSON later. Can be used to seed (throwing random values) and configure databases for UNIT TESTS!
- **Documentation:** Auto Gen Docs. Comments become documentation. Similar to JavaDocs. All in-house!
- **Deployments:** Docker, Dev, Stage, Production Environments. For Jaylen: Vagrant for development, test locally => Zip => LXD container `git pull`. Docker (Application Container) is like LXD (Hypervisor Container) but one process is one container.
    - Storytime: App A, App B, same server. Bad. Manage VM with VM Hypervisor. To upgrade VM => shut down and replace. Solved problem of utilizing resources on machine. LXC hack on kernel. Seprate process that acts like own machine but on same kernel. No overhead as VM. Not loading whole new OS/kernel. Utilizing existing host kernel. Smaller than VM. Droplet w/ LXC. Host sees it as an application. VM is static when comes to that. LXC vs Docker => Docker is Linux contain but can only run ONE process in container. Need docker daemon (handle private network between to say which port to allow) to handle many docker processes. LXC can have multiple.
    - Droplet => NginX => LXC (static IP on host for NginX to fwd to. Can zip this up and ship to server, np. Correct dependency, network settings, chronjobs) => Docker (handle microserves).
    - Problem with Docker => Volitile memory. Set up Docker volumes.
- **CI/CD:** Travis (Builds), Netlify (CD).
- Kubernetes (Bigger Cloud Providers, works well with scaling)
- Openshift (uses kube, solve problem for on-prem), Portainer (UI for Docker/Swarm/Compose/Network etc.), Watchtower (install by Docker container, Watchtower restart auto).
- **Testing Frameworks:** Karma (Frontend), Mocha (Backend), Chai(BDD/TDD assertion library). End to end testing? Angular: Cucumber & Protractor (Angular FE). Jasmine. Selenium.
- Greenbot.io
- Coveralls
- NetData: Dev Ops sort of thing.
- Pact.io: End to end testing.